# The coworking

__7AY Coworking__ is a collaborative working space located in Rabat, the capital of Morocco. 

Experiencing 7AY is sharing a new way of working aligned with the expectations of a whole new generation of people, among which a large part of digital nomads. It fosters human connections that promote the creation of socio-economic value with regard of very demanding social norms: ecological responsibility, sustainable lifestyles, insights’ sharing and valuable collaboration, circularity of information, well-being and know-how to live together.

7AY coworking is a former warehouse of 780m2 which encompasses a living and working space spread upon 3 levels, which can gather up to 75 coworkers in open-space, with 6 private offices, 3 meeting rooms, a fully-equipped American kitchen, 3 lounges, 2 courtyards, 1 appealing panoramic terrace overlooking the river and the Boureggreg valley, 1 cozy Berber tent of 100m2 on the rooftop and equipped with wifi (100 Mbs/s), 1 vegetal garden... and above all, a consolidated __community__ of professionals sharing their experiences, skills, knowledge, networks and ideas.
Since November 2013, 7AY have welcomed 30 resident coworkers companies (for at least 1 year) and nearly 250 passenger contractors (for at least 1 month).

Alongside its entrepreneurial commitment, 7AY yearns to dedicate its large and colorful space to the artistic and cultural expression. On a regular basis, 7AY puts its walls at the disposal of a chosen pool of talented artists who wish to embody their works through exhibitions, performances, wall projections or any other innovative ways of arts’ expression.

<iframe style="overflow-y:hidden; overflow-x:auto;  border-radius:6px; -webkit-border-radius:6px; -moz-border-radius:6px; border:3px solid #00d191; background:  url(https://coworker.imgix.net/add-images/cw_img2018.png) center bottom 3px no-repeat,  -webkit-linear-gradient(bottom, #00d191 10px, #00d191 20px, #ffffff 21px, #ffffff 10rem, #ffffff 100%);background: url(https://coworker.imgix.net/add-images/cw_img2018.png) center bottom 3px no-repeat,   -moz-linear-gradient(bottom, #00d191 10px, #00d191 20px, #ffffff 21px, #ffffff 10rem, #ffffff 100%);background: url(https://coworker.imgix.net/add-images/cw_img2018.png) center bottom 3px no-repeat,  -o-linear-gradient(bottom, #00d191 10px, #00d191 20px, #ffffff 21px, #ffffff 10rem, #ffffff 100%);background: url(https://coworker.imgix.net/add-images/cw_img2018.png) center bottom 3px no-repeat,  -ms-linear-gradient(bottom, #00d191 10px, #00d191 20px, #ffffff 21px, #ffffff 10rem, #ffffff 100%);background: url(https://coworker.imgix.net/add-images/cw_img2018.png) center bottom 3px no-repeat,  linear-gradient(bottom, #00d191 10px, #00d191 20px, #ffffff 21px, #ffffff 10rem, #ffffff 100%); padding: 0 0 21px 0px;" src="https://www.coworker.com/widget-review/5/2525" id="widget01" frameborder="0" width="490" height="315px"></iframe>

# The coliving

__7AY Coliving__ is a service provided by 7AY so that digital nomads benefit from a fully furnished and equipped living units located in the very city center and easily connected to the coworking. It is all about working in a complete freedom and utter comfort! 
A large range of services are provided, and prone to be adjusted upon enquiries: sports experiences, discovery of the city of Rabat and other regions of Morocco, planning of professional, cultural and artistic events, in total immersion.
